[Core] Increase default timeout to the re-usable async client (#328)
port-labs/ocean: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 0.4.16 (2024-01-11)

### Improvements

> - Increased the default timeout for requests to the integrations to 30 seconds, and made it configurable (PORT-6074)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increased the default timeout for requests to 3rd party targets to 30 seconds, and made it configurable (PORT-6074)
```
